foreign
[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
the face podcast I believe this is
number
124 in a series of uh little chat
sessions that we have my name is Jeff
Ramsey and with me as always Gavin Free
and uh Andrew Panton oh yeah when does a
little chat session become a large chat
session once the cut off because I feel
like I would say these are at least
medium chats what uh uh 90 minutes is
when it becomes a large chat session
okay 90 minutes so we're right under the
threshold we're pretty close I think so
well this is a double recording so this
is technically a very large chat that is
true does the chat stop between episodes
I think it keeps going
no I think that they're two distinct
chats they have Beginnings middles and
ends yeah fair play hmm I don't know if
I agree I I also I gotta be honest I
don't know that it [__] matters in
any way whatsoever I don't know
I'm glad Eric's here on time that was
the that was the risk that Eric was
going to be slightly late but I was
worried because I assume we're gonna get
into some arguments this episode based
on
how well we did our food challenge
really we might need a money that extra
couple of judges
well I have everything documented I
wrote down all the things I will say
confidently I I think I have one strike
I think I have definitively at least one
maybe there will be some arguing over
multiples but but I feel like I've got
one I also certainly have a strike or
two
what about you uh uh well I guess mine
would depend on well you know here's the
deal we uh we work in a creative
industry we are creative individuals and
as a group where I think we're highly
creative so I think if you take
creativity into account I don't know
that I have any strikes I
what I expect is that you seem to think
that this is all an elaborate prank
against you oh I absolutely I do yeah
but I'm not upset about it or anything
uh I just uh I just don't for a second
believe that g for Gavin P for Patton
and you for [__] you Jeff oh uniform I
felt really dumb after the fact that we
none of us put together uniform the
thing you created you created the bet
you got the you for uniform well I think
to be fair I may have created the the
corporate structure and the idea behind
it but I think Gavin actually named it
really okay if we go back in time I'm
pretty sure Gavin came up with the name
well I was just trying to find a pun for
meat that you would wear
yeah no okay it's coming back now that
makes sense that was that was the brush
fire that started uh the Statewide
Raging Fire that uh that destroyed all
the homes at that moment huh okay I have
a lot to talk about uh outside of this
food oh my God
yeah should we yeah come on man well
we've got to address
listen
look deeply saddened deeply saddened uh
uh uh by the loss of Coolio uh he was he
was a very young 59 years old that is
far too young to be taken from this
Earth and uh what a rare talent and uh
the co it just really unfortunately
coincided with the day that sausage took
came out where we I think Jeff decided
he was on our list of people to send the
cursed socks to yes which we didn't we
haven't even cursed the socks yet so I I
like we did not send the man and he
cursed anything uh as far as I know
those socks don't even exist yet uh it's
true I haven't cursed a single sock but
like I was I was like in disbelief last
night when we found out yeah I was just
thinking like what
what are the chances of that and I also
thought man if we'd somehow already got
the socks out to him yeah I wouldn't be
able to do this podcast anymore like
yeah no I think we'd all have to I think
that would be uh that'd be a curtain
call for all of us really it honestly
it's just got me terrified about that
sucks
I kind of don't want to do it well we
have to we're already committed to that
but we don't have to send them to
anybody that's for sure
uh in and and all of that happened uh on
the same day that uh that a hurricane
named Ian struck I didn't even think
about that oh are you serious that was
the name of it that was the name of the
hurricane hurricane
what's going on we have to stop yeah it
was why don't we take a break why don't
we and
right here
I don't know that it's a dark way to End
season four look it's we have to okay
okay yeah yeah no so this is it this is
the end of season four we'll we'll take
about a 10 minute break before we start
season five okay in recordings of
episodes 124 and 125. no just
just to karmically make it makes me feel
pretty uh pretty dirty I don't know why
uh feel real bad yesterday was a was it
was a really sad day in a lot of ways I
don't know why you feel sad this is
Gavin's fault I mean this is entirely on
him he put the this the cursed sock he
has the curse I don't think you or I
really have anything to do with this Ian
on the other hand
that's you know maybe a little bit more
spread out I think it's it's more fair
to say that Gavin killed Coolio
so I sort of a guilt by association
maybe your cat did
have you checked Jeff to see if our
Coolio cards have gone up in value since
this I know I feel like that would be
that would be opportunistic and
insensitive well I don't want to sell it
I would never sell my I was just curious
if there is a shift in the market we I
you know it's the legend
I don't know I don't know but I will
tell you that
um that the that my card has become
Priceless to me now oh absolutely it was
a prized possession before but now it's
like it's ratcheted up in like personal
value
I think it was maybe his only autograph
card there may have been one other I
don't remember if it was an autograph
card or not but he was in like a hip-hop
trading card set
so it's it's a rare card got a rare
Coolio pretty rare card
oh man well we we lost a good one uh we
did yeah we did I'm glad uh the socks
didn't go through as long as nothing
happens to who else do we say we're
gonna send to Keenan and Kell and Jackie
Chan don't don't reinforce it man I'm
not saying is there anyone else we
wanted to send the socks to
I don't think we should send it to
anyone
I don't think we need to give away any
any promo socks does it only work if
it's not intentional uh do you think if
we sent somebody a sock as like a threat
of sorts would that be okay no but that
works even worse I I mean that that's
the threat that's that sounds criminal
well I'm not saying like a serious
threat I'm just you know a little a
little intimidation potentially who do
you want to intimidate hmm who do I want
to intimidate that's a great question uh
I would want to intimidate uh
I don't know all the like sports teams I
care about are in in on fire or like in
the trash in some way it feels useless
to try to leverage a Sports Advantage
everyone's already in the hole
that's a great point I don't really have
anyone I need Vengeance against at this
moment but I'm just I'm throwing it out
something something for you to hold on
to for sure yeah the thing that I love
the most about this start to this
podcast is how morbidly quiet Gavin is
the whole thing because I know he is
legitimately deeply troubled which I
think is so odd for Gavin who is a man
of science and doesn't believe in
anything uh uh like yeah I super don't I
I love being a skeptic of this [__] but
it is haunting yeah I would be so
goddamn mad if I was Edgar Wright
listening to Gavin be all upset and
solemn about a thing completely
unrelated and joyfully talking about an
event that I got pissed on did his
family
we don't know really hoping to get
pissed on and we don't know that he got
pissed it's almost certain he got pissed
on based that he said look if he I'm
gonna have to start working on a new
guilt basket if that's the case yeah I
think I think I know Gavin pretty well
after all these years and I would say
that the guilt runs deep and Gavin and I
wouldn't be surprised if on his deathbed
he still feels bad about potentially
being associated with urine going on
Edgar Wright yeah
he'll be 98 years old and he'll still be
thinking about it he'll be thinking
about that like the five things he has
to be feel guilty or embarrassed about
in his life but that's not that's not a
level of embarrassment you just walk
away from nuts and it's through blood
too it's not even I didn't even do it I
didn't abuse on him
that's true and I still feel like you'll
be scared to talk to Edgar right you
still will be avoiding him at that age
your final words he'll come in
you'll be on your deathbed and you know
like the big reveal or whatever like
your fighter where you'll be like come
closer I need to tell you something
[Applause]
um I was sort of because I kept ending
up with him I was I feel like my
confidence was actually building up like
I might have said something and then um
then this is before I heard the piss
story and then we were both going
through like the automated passport okay
thing at the same time and um mine my
door didn't open yeah so uh I took my
passport out and tried to put it in but
I dropped it outside of the little gate
and then I got locked out it closed
my bag was just stuck in the in the bit
with the camera and
I watched that girl right just go
straight through it so I was like oh I
just wasn't meant to be
dude I just had to wave down the guard
to be like I'm sorry I got stuck outside
the little gate
yeah
but it said the person said that there
were two people in there so I was like I
stepped back to be like yeah well maybe
I need to reset but as I step back the
passport flew out of my hand and slid
out under the background
dude you were asked when I was on the
other side
you you were all hot and bothered by
Edgar right you're all you were yeah
you're a flummoxed by the way
Nick asked if piss is thicker than blood
which I think is a hilarious hilarious
thing to say ah no it's it's so much
worse because he's like a oh he's like a
hero of mine so it's like you really
don't want to goof I would much rather
not say anything to him than make a goo
for myself well here's here's I have two
thoughts here about this gav uh that
I've been actually thinking about for a
little bit uh one uh and this just I
think further illustrates my point with
your uh either your passport fumble uh I
think the universe was intervening like
it was if it had happened if you had
crowbarred the Edgar Wright conversation
in and this is by the way this is why I
stand by my assertion that you should
never meet your Heroes never meet anyone
you look up to that is why I will if I
see Howard Stern or David Lynch walking
down the street I am turning around the
other way I don't want anything to do
with them uh because the best thing you
can do like a you get a hundred on the
test that like that grade you get that
grade for not embarrassing yourself
everything else that can happen is worse
than that and so what probably would
have happened is you he you would have
rubbed him the wrong way and he would
have given you a pithy response or you
would have fumbled and embarrassed
yourself and you would have just been
torn up about it or whatever it is every
time Edgar Wright movies come out you
would go to watch it and you would
remember that and you would feel a
little bad about yourself and a little
shittier and it would ruin a little bit
of Edgar Wright for you so the universe
was doing you a huge solid by by keeping
you two apart also my other thought is
you say it's not your fault guilt by
association you clearly know what your
family is capable of you went out in
public with them uh you have you you
should have known better I fulfilling my
family's usually good I guess it's just
like everyone's new to the traveling
like it was everyone's first time
traveling with this new child so I think
that's just like learning curves
happening yeah usually it's a pretty
inoffensive family just minding its own
business I promise
do you have that with any celebrities
Jeff like you have a
experience or interaction that has
changed the way you look at them and now
whenever you see their work you think
about them in a different way like it
well for you I mean I feel like I've
told my my Charles Barkley Story one
million times absolutely but that did I
mean that that's where this comes from
right like and I'm I'll be honest with
you I'm fairly neurotic about it uh I I
really don't want to meet if someone
wants to meet me that's fine uh I got no
problem with that but I don't want to
meet anyone else that I look up to or I
admire
um and it all stems from meeting Charles
Barkley when I was 17. yeah and it did
ruin he was he and Larry Bird were my
heroes and Bird was on his way out uh
because his back was was falling apart
and Charles was kind of at the height of
his of his uh abilities as an NBA player
uh and well oh he's still on the come up
a little bit actually because he had
some really good years of the Suns
um but uh and so I and he was from
Alabama and I just didn't growing up in
Alabama I never I never liked Alabama I
never connected with Alabama there
weren't a lot of people that I looked up
to from Alabama you know I had like I
don't have a lot of
great famous Role Models you know I had
[__] Jimmy Buffett which was like his
whatever that's fine uh I had Karen
which was cool and I had Charles bar
that's a good one and uh yeah and so um
I was beyond crestfallen and I I didn't
like him for years and years and years
after that and it wasn't until the NBA
on TNT and when I I just was
so impossibly entertained by the guy
again and I really I uh I fell back in
love with him and now I love him more
than I ever did when I was a kid do you
have any of those Gavin would this add
on to it or would Edgar Wright be your
first one where your view of their work
would forever be changed I don't think
I've ever had one to that extent no it's
good yeah I think I've always done I've
always done okay have you ever had one
with content where it wasn't even like a
personal interaction it was just like
something they did changed how you
looked at them as an actor or performer
in some way yeah
that's fair that's fair I met within the
work itself I'm not saying good anything
personal that's like a deep dark secret
I'll just I'll just spin this around
because that was too expensive
I'm just cutting like so much is that
what's happening
I don't think it needs to be cut no I'm
gonna I'll pivot to a thing I think Jeff
you and I have talked about this in the
past and I'm sure we could relate on
this there's a character in the TV show
The Shield where something happens to
them later in the show that is so no
unexpected and jarring it's all I can
see that like it's all I think about
when I see that actor regardless of
whatever role that person does all I
think about what scene are you what
character are you referring to uh oh man
it's been so long I don't remember the
names of Veda I want to say
season five
something horrible like truly horrible
characters and it's all I think about
when I see them because it was so
jarring and unexpected I've never seen
any other show do that like it's just I
that I cannot disassociate that moment
from that guy I thought maybe you were I
was trying to think of like most
shocking moments in the show and I
thought no there's a lot in that show
women's head gets the grenade or like
when Ronnie and yeah meets the oven you
know I gotta watch this show it was a
great show listen Gus once described it
to me as like uh sitting down and having
a series of tiny heart attacks for one
hour at a time uh once a week and that's
what the show is like it is intense
that's what Ozark was like for me I
haven't seen it yet Mozart was very good
but it was a lot slower
a lot slower than the shield you know
one of the things I think most about
when I think the shield Chef which is
funny because it's like as you said it
is a series of endless heart attacks the
acting is so intense it's like there's
so many different crazy arcs you go
through one of the first things I I
think about and that stuck with me with
that show is a random subplot in season
one where there's a a dispute like a
domestic dispute between these people
and somebody spray paints the word hoe
across their front door and like red
letters and they they talk to the person
then they go back to the house later and
it says shoe like they just added an S
to it because they didn't know how else
to fix it so they just made it a
different word that gag has stuck with
me for years it's the main thing I think
about that show there's so many insane
intense moments that I just think of
hodashu when I think of the shield
that's perfect I I also have like some
vivid graffiti cover-up memory from a
show from Alan Partridge someone spray
paints [__] piss Partridge on his car
and he uh he asked someone to fix it for
him and then he the reveal is that they
just sprayed new letters on it it says
cook past babitrage and that's it's just
like one of those things that's also
just burned visually into my into my
head funny how those are the same gag
uh well did we cover all the all the
heavy news so that we could talk about
our contest though I think I just
realized we're [__] we're 20 minutes
in I feel like we should go into the
alphabet we got a lot to discuss well I
guess depending on how much gets it got
cut or maybe we're two minutes in I'm
not sure I have a feeling that you've
completely [__] this since my Jeff out
of paranoia That You Were Somehow the
butt of a joke uh okay that's my my
assumption I I have a few ideas because
we had a little text conversation last
night and you implied that you did
something maybe not intended you went
off the path but was creative I I've
speculated in my my own head I thought
maybe you went for the most strikes
possible I'm excited to see your list
has everybody written down no I just
took I just took photos of my stuff okay
I wrote down everything
okay I wrote down mine should we just
post this or let's go one at a time
let's go one at a time so let's go
alphabetically uh you okay not the
letter U but you as an Andrew okay uh
let me let me copy and paste my Monday
it's gonna do my first day
I'll talk to you about the adversity I I
encountered the first day immediately
okay going with Monday first thing I did
[Laughter]
pancakes six things yeah that was that's
what I ate pineapple well pineapple
chunks and popcorn could be next to
nothing yeah those were like snacks yeah
there's throw away snacks so I had
pancakes I realized after I had ordered
the pancakes I cannot put butter on them
it's a real issue dry pancakes are not
nearly as enjoyable as the thing I was
all excited I was like I'm gonna start
my day with some pancakes some potato
patties we're getting this off on a good
foot I can't use butter I feel it could
be against the rules if I use butter so
that was brutal uh then it's got some
nice pecan pie sounds brutal oh it was
terrible it was a tough way to start I
had to really bounce back from that this
is pecan pie wanted pumpkin didn't have
any at the store it was tragic once
again a hash brown a potato Patty by the
way no it's a potato Patty okay what do
you mean never heard that never heard
the word potato Patty before my life I
will send you uh I'll send you the
product I'm gonna assume it's a Canadian
thing I I I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
knock it I just agree with Gavin I think
it's a hash brown probably well if it
was a hash brown a hash brown is 100
potato how would that look okay so the
answer to Gavin's question is yes
I'm just saying I I don't if you want to
give me a strike for potato Patty that's
fine no no uh
I was just clarifying I I appreciate the
creativity of it I like that it's good
it's too it's like there's a yeah no
it's nice it's fun to say potato Patty
it's uh it's like the McDonald's hash
brown that's a definite potato Patty I'd
say okay so again when he asked if it
was a hash brown and you did the song
and dance the answer was yes
well I'm just you know different words
for different things
I think that's the pain I like I like
where you go with that just remember
different words for different things
when it's my turn okay I really
appreciate that
we uh
oh that's unfortunate anyway we're
moving on uh to Pineapple Chunk set
Supply because McDonald's is offering
pineapple so I got some pineapple from
McDonald's it's delicious got a few bags
carried me through the week potentially
in some ways rental popcorn and the end
of the day pepperoni pizza it was
delicious and that was my Monday that
was um on that I have to reference the
text conversation we were in
[Laughter]
um Monday 8 P.M Andrew texts Jeff and
myself I couldn't put butter on my
pancakes this morning but we are holding
strong and then a picture of a pepperoni
pizza stay strong everyone we can do
this neither of us replied no no I had
nothing to say to that person
oh
sorry do you want me to continue on with
my day real quick question do you now
does pineapple chunk does that count as
a pea for pineapple or c for chunk I
think it's a definite
uh continue please do we got any strikes
on Monday
I mean I think potato patties is uh I
mean if I wish you would if you took a
photo of it and it's like there's a box
that says potato patties uh then that
would help but I don't care based on
what I've got coming up I would like to
not strike any of that
yeah I'm kind of in the same boat I'll
uh you know what I'll drop in Discord
photo of uh what I what I consume while
I do that I will copy and paste my
Tuesday Tuesday items we have a
continuation of sorts I I finished off
my pancake from the previous day
couldn't get through all of them because
a lack of butter this wasn't enjoyable
had some more pineapple leftover
pepperoni pizza enjoyed some poutine and
then we just kind of had some snack
items we had uh the peanut butter
pretzel I don't know if you've ever had
the Kirkland peanut butter pretzel like
little little treat thing like a oh it's
delicious they're great I had some of
those had some peanuts discussed about
recently
ended the day with pineapple oh you got
pineapple that twice I've got Planet
because I I kept track of what I ate and
went so I had pineapple in the morning
had some pineapple at the very end of
the day first one of the first things
one of the last things I ever ate uh for
that day
I'll quickly drop in a potato Patty
photo McCain's potato patties you win
you like you like that guy can't play
yeah okay and now Wednesday Wednesday is
my potentially you can argue maybe other
strikes I have a definite strike on
Wednesday
that I will get into
okay paste
Wednesday we had some more peanut butter
pretzels some more peanuts pulled pork
let's see the strike this time
10 dark chocolate
dark chocolate that was
so you want me to get into why what
happened with the dark chocolate I would
appreciate it I had a bar of dark
chocolate on my desk
I don't drink I'm not a drinker I'm not
a big drinker but I had some cider to
celebrate an event it was just in my
fridge and I was like you know what I'll
have the cider
sometimes I have like allergic reactions
when I drink alcohol I was all stuffed
up I had a headache I felt Tipsy just
one cider could really take me down I
was not feeling good I was feeling out
of it I was like I just need something
to like eat right now all this chocolate
seems like a great idea that'd be great
I love this lint dark chocolate ate half
the bar it was so easy to do this I
would forget at times and I had moments
of panic that I could only eat pea Foods
I was halfway through the lint bar and I
was like oh God this isn't this isn't
this is there's no pee in this I am
[__] this is a strike I didn't want to
cover it I felt that'd be dishonorable I
[__] up I I had a cider lost my Edge a
little bit rounded the day out sweet
potato fries some pumpkin pie finally
found some great Great Dessert great
treat
perfect for the season fantastic and
always and then peaches
oh and today I forgot I've only had one
thing to eat today
I think the perfect way to round out my
alphabet Thursday today for my hubby's
Bagels I had a pretzel delicious okay
very nice so this is my alphabet these
are my things how are we feeling about
strikes I know dark chocolate dark
chocolate's a strike uh I think that's
the only one yeah I think you get one
strike buddy wow you did double up a few
times but there's no there's no yeah we
talked about that yeah two pretzels uh
in two well that's two days wasn't it
yeah I have I've got a pretzel yesterday
and today different pretzel types though
the pretzel from my others like a pastry
pretzel the snack pretzel is more like a
chip almost with peanut butter in the
middle
it's like a hard salty pretzel uh yeah I
think I think you did you did very very
well I feel great about this and you
know at the once we all talk about it
I'll have some more things to discuss
regarding this but we'll let's go to the
other people now I hate the way you do
that
[Applause]
today's episode is sponsored by Honey
the easy way to save When shopping on
your iPhone or computer I love to shop
online I hate going into the store just
everything about it stinks I shop online
as much as I possibly can for regardless
of what I'm I'm getting
um the issue though when I shop online
is I never have a promo code ready to go
but thanks to Honey manually searching
for coupon codes is a thing of the past
honey is the free shopping tool that
scours the internet for promo codes and
applies the best one it finds to your
cart imagine you're shopping in one of
your favorite sites when you check out
the honey button appears and all you
have to do is Click apply coupons wait a
few seconds as honey searches for
coupons you can find for that site if
honey finds a working coupon you'll
watch the prices drop I've saved money
on things like clothing and food pizza
all sorts of stuff it's a fantastic
service and it's so incredibly easy to
use
did you know that honey doesn't just
work on desktop it works on your iPhone
too just activate it on Safari on your
phone and save on the go if you don't
already have honey you could be straight
up missing out and by getting it you'll
be doing yourself a solid and supporting
the show I never recommend something I
don't use get honey for free at
joinhoney.com face that's joinhoney.com
face
can we talk about notifications for a
second who actually leaves those sounds
on anymore
well besides that kind that's another
sale on Shopify the all-in-one Commerce
platform to start run and grow your
business Shopify makes it simple to sell
to anyone from anywhere whether your
thing is vintage tees or recipes for
ghee start selling with Shopify and join
the platform simplifying Commerce for
millions of your favorite businesses
worldwide with Shopify you'll create an
online store in your Vibe discovering
new customers and grow the following
that keeps them coming back Shopify has
all the sales channels sorted so your
business keeps growing from an in-person
POS system to an all-in-one e-commerce
platform even across social media
platforms like Tick Tock Facebook and
Instagram and thanks to 24 7 support and
free libraries full of educational
content Shopify has got you every step
of the way it's how every minute new
sellers around the world make their
first sale with Shopify and you will too
stropify makes selling simple so you can
put yourself and your ideas out there
whether your thing is making ebooks or
earrings Shopify makes your success
possible when you're ready to launch
your thing into the spotlight do it with
Shopify the Commerce platform backing
millions of businesses down the street
and around the globe go on try Shopify
for free and start selling anywhere
this is possibility powered by Shopify
sign up for a free trial at shopify.com
face all lowercase go to shopify.com
face to start selling online today
shopify.com face
the world needed a hero it got Black
Adam from New Line Cinema Dwayne Johnson
stars in the action adventure Black Adam
the first ever feature film to explore
the story of the DC Superhero comes to
the big screen under the direction of
Jama Colette Sarah previously directed
Jungle Cruise an ancient conduct teth
Adam was bestowed the almighty powers of
the Gods after using these powers for
vengeance he was imprisoned becoming
Black Adam nearly five thousand years
have passed and Black Adam has gone from
man to myth to Legend now released his
unique form of Justice born out of rage
is challenged by modern day heroes who
formed the Justice Society Hawkman Dr
Fate Atom Smasher and Cyclone new line
Cinema presents a seven bucks finco
production ajama coletzera film Black
Adam smashing into theaters in IMAX
internationally beginning on October
19th in North America on October 21st
2022 it'll be distributed worldwide by
Warner Brothers Pictures you can watch
Black Adam in theaters and IMAX
internationally October 19th and in
North America on October 21st
okay uh Gavin okay well I've got
pictures so why don't we uh how many
photos did you take for this oh [__] a
lot okay okay I'm ready
um and I'm expecting strikes it was it
was more difficult than I thought
um so let's say I did a few things if
I've not done it I've not taken every
picture of every meal so I had this a
few times
all right so we got some green grapes
and Greek yogurt yogurt yep
another morning I had some of these uh
oh yeah okay those are gross by the way
that is uh that was the worst thing I
ate that was overnight grains are
absolutely disgusting that was some
soggy [__]
I'm not gonna throw a strike on you for
the Greek yogurt but I just really like
the idea of referring to what you're
eating as Greek that's the food you're
just eating Greek double Greek just
remember that you didn't you didn't
strike him for that thank you very much
and I seem to have not taken a picture
of it but you can see it in the top
right corner of my green grapes and
Greek yogurt picture there's some uh
some Goldfish I had some of this oh it
was a snack
um back in the old favor I'd have to go
to my favorites every time that'll be
good uh we had as some snacks
that's a good one and another morning I
had just some straight up granola okay
just had that I poured that into the
Greek yogurt that morning
you poured it into the Greek is what you
mean yeah I put it into the Greek yeah
the problem with what you're doing here
though Gavin and I'm sure I'm guilty of
this too is you're using Goldfish
crackers so you're focusing on the brand
for goldfish and you're ignoring you're
not referring you don't say I ate kind I
had a thing of kind yeah what he's doing
what he's doing is he's setting a
baseline that's gonna help me out a lot
now the reason I thought that'd be okay
I know we weren't gonna go for like an
Oreo isn't an oh it's a cookie right but
they are shaped like a goldfish so I
thought that made it more okay you know
what yeah that's fine maybe a half
strike on that based off that okay
you've removed me
I don't think it's a strike at all
Eric's wrote written question marks go
ahead Eric you you think it counts
because
well I thought it might help me a little
bit more
again I don't have a vote in here I
think that there was some stuff that
Andrew had that was on the line I think
there's some stuff that you have that's
flagrant but again I don't have a vote
so I'm gonna you know we'll just keep
I'm curious to see what else he got
garden vegetables you're insane that's
crazy
okay that one that one I might deserve a
strike on
um what I also I got pretty adventurous
because I was running out of ideas had
myself for dinner half a pint of gumbo
never had that before
um uh I also bought as a snack on one of
the days some sugar-free gummy bears
which I'm told you shouldn't eat a lot
of because you're [__] liquid so I only
had a few of those for the for the
evening a little bit a little bit of
gelato nice
that's a great one what a flavor is that
um now I just I just have to agree with
what we were saying earlier where like
you used brand name for some stuff and
not other stuff and it's making me nuts
if you would have had tea I feel like
you still would have eaten this because
it says talenti so I I think right well
but it's Gina right so that counts right
but what I'm saying is that you've used
brand names for some things but not
everything so I feel like if you had tea
you still would have eaten this it is
seeing some of your pics Gavin it does
make I had a conversation before earlier
today with Eric in which we had a slight
debate whether baked potato count for me
so for you with some of the the leaves
the Goldfish the kind bar you gotta you
got a few extensions here I didn't know
whether this one oops oh that's too big
that one isn't it stupid how some photos
are too big and others aren't makes no
sense yeah
um okay you ready are you ready for for
a strike I'm oh I can't wait am I going
to slack now this no no no uh no the the
one that didn't post oh I'll give it to
you later it was a ginger shot which I
didn't know whether it was food or not
or a drink but it was just like a
probiotic ginger juice it's a drink
either way that's fine I can send you
the fact that it made my oh no I can't
see that that's too big as well I'll
just go and shove it up my ass next one
you want to see the you want to see the
strike I want to see the strike so bad
this was because uh you know I had
people over everyone's ordering the same
food uh I had to make do with what I had
access to I mean it's just Sushi you
just you've had sushi that's not but
does it help you that I ordered the
Gandhi's Inferno the Godzilla roll and
the Geisha roll
I thought you're going to argue that
they're green I appreciate that you're
with with green the G for what they were
called it's still Sushi that's strike
yeah none of them were good oh no
they're from San Francisco apparently
but I think that's just what door Dash
is from ah uh let me introduce you to
probably my my best meal of the entire
event we've got a garden salad with
ginger dressing garlic bread some ground
beef sauce and some gnocchi
that was the most geez I crammed into
one meal and uh that one was excellent
and uh shout out to Meg Turney for uh
getting all that if anything that's
probably worth bonus points because you
you layered so many G's together
I consider doing an all-p pizza but I
didn't want to deal with Pickles that
was my hindrance well you didn't have to
you could have picked other stuff no I
would but I wanted it to be for the
thing to work I needed all the peas on
the menu and that was the one I don't
know I know about this because I
couldn't want Peppers pineapple
pepperoni they had pine nuts I wasn't
sure where that would fall uh and the
pickles was the distractor there I I
that's as you said Jeff great great use
of cheese Gavin yeah thanks uh let me
see if I can get those uh those ones
didn't work real quick here we go
um it was it was this one oh it seems to
be working that was the uh okay Ginger
shot the ginger shot yeah that's the
beverage that's a drink that's not
you're fine okay and it did no never
mind
the other one didn't take
yeah also in addition I know it did we
weren't doing drinks but I exclusively
drank grapefruit flavored sparkling
water
I like that you didn't actually eat any
grapefruit though you only drink it I
like that bubbly that's good water yeah
I like it
and and that's me I'm done I don't
remember the order but uh that was
everything I ate sightseeing
conservatively Gavin maybe one and a
half strikes I'm gonna go with one I
think one I think you've seen one yeah
what's the other strike goldfish I'm
totally on board with the goldfish
goldfish
goldfish and garlic bread because that's
bread
no you ate garlic and Greek and goldfish
and you're giving me garden vegetable
soup I mean yeah
you did so well in other areas all right
all right uh yeah I mean we'll do one
and a half strikes how about that what
about okay how about we have our ratings
Eric how many strikes would you give
Gavin oh that's this is good I mean that
table
it shouldn't even I shouldn't probably
be involved I think that the gelato to
me is like that's fine but then the
Goldfish aren't I also don't think
Progresso soup is a g
the granola is fine
the kind bar I get yeah you could do
that because it's a granola bar the
overnight grains I don't agree with I
don't think overnight green should count
what is that then just parfait yeah or
overnight grains which would be oh but
it's grains yeah this is the Big Potato
it's baked potato I think Andrew's sweet
potato should be a strike no that's a
vegetable it's different to a potato
that's not sweet potato if we're doing
vegetable pea would be potato sweet
potato would be S baked potato sweet
potato isn't a potato with sugar on it
it's a different vegetable
foreign
could you quietly I think I think if I
was giving Gavin strikes I think I could
settle for two and be comfortable but if
you guys want to go with one and a half
it would be fine I just wanna in the
background could you just do your own
strikes and at the end we could just
hear your perspective on where the
strikes are sure
so now we move on to you Jeff the floor
is yours I'm so excited uh okay so much
like Gavin I didn't take uh I didn't
write down what I ate when I ate it I
just took a picture of everything I ate
and uh I will say also um not to uh play
the heart strings uh here for you guys
but
um I have a very sick dog here and he
had to go to the hospital for 24 hours
and so I didn't eat a lot during this
period because I was running around back
and forth because Henry has pneumonia uh
he's fine now he's he's Jacqueline he's
doing better uh but it was a stressful
like 24 hours for me and so it was a
little hard for me to follow along uh
it's a good picture of Gavin for some
reason oh it went through that was the
one of that's what the ginger shot did
to my face
sorry to interrupt this nice uh so uh
nice I uh I feel like I was faced with
the with the a really difficult letter
in you you absolutely were uh it's odd
that that was the letter we chose to to
dissect as a difficult letter in the
previous episode and then suddenly you
miraculously pulled it uh but whatever
uh not to be deterred I uh I did my best
I started out I ate a lot of these over
the week uh I got some Uncrustables
that's uh
my mom it literally says 58 grams of
sandwiches
uh it's Uncrustables they start with you
they have I got them in peanut butter I
got them in Gray or sorry uh strawberry
I got them in grape as well I didn't
take a photo of the grape this one might
be a little bit more of a stretch but uh
for a snack along with the uncles I
found uh uh these things
Eric is not gonna be happy with these no
it's uh if I'm losing you here things
are going to get worse
it's only just begun
UTS is the brand uh that they make us
balls I think they're called so that I
feel like that counts uh by the way
they're great uh my family has fallen in
love with UTS we're gonna eat a lot uh
as you know that Monday night I had to
go out to dinner with my daughter for
her 17th birthday uh you I asked you
guys specifically we were gonna go get
sushi I said can I go to can I go to a
place called Uchi because it starts with
a u and you said no you can't go to that
restaurant doesn't count so I didn't I
went to the sister restaurant uchiko
it's a totally different place uh and if
I'm being honest with you and I think
Gavin will back this up I think it's
better anyway
for proof uh here is here's a picture
Millie took of me walking in the door at
uchiko uh I didn't take it blind
better I didn't say I was I was posing
uh I didn't uh I didn't take any photos
of any of the uchiko stuff I ate inside
but it all started with a u there was
you stay there was you tuna uh there's
udamame uh one of Jeff's pictures of
what he ate is the picture of a roof of
a building
uh then uh for breakfast the next
morning breakfast is difficult can we
put this picture of you going into the
restaurant on a shirt this isn't this is
yeah what an insane picture listen
listen you can put that photo on a shirt
right after you put uh bingo can't do it
on a shirt that's got to come first you
go we'll talk about it so I'm pretty
sure you're reaching for the wrong side
of the door isn't that the hinge you're
reaching if I wasn't reaching I I wasn't
reaching for anything I was uh opposing
uh with my hand out to say like here is
uh uchika uh breakfast was difficult
well no before we move away from the
photo there's a reflection in the door
of somebody a ghostly reflection of
someone who seems terrified is that a
mirror that's yeah
no yeah that's uh no that's an employee
who's wondering why we're taking 45
[__] photos
a character in The Walking Dead
at The Telltale Game when he does
okay so breakfast uh hopefully you guys
are with me so far and I don't have any
strikes uh
we'll see about this one uh turns out
there's something you can eat for
breakfast called unicorns uh so I had
them
waffles that's the great the waffles
yeah oh is my thumb covering I don't
know I don't know that that's you missed
it it's called Kellogg's universe
ah oh I'm not sure if that's for this
box anyway uh those uh those also like
her waffle in the bottom left those
right there they taste like [__] they're
cotton candy they look terrible they're
[__] disgusting uh I didn't enjoy any
of this week by the way everything
sucked that I had to eat uh for lunch
that day I believe it was uh I had uh
keep it with the Unicorn theme I had
some unicorn shapes for lunch
they were pretty good I'm not gonna lie
they were cheesy
those are craft unicorn shapes they're
really good look them up it's a food uh
yeah I cover up the word craft but it's
their craft unicorn uh then for dinner
that night I was really proud of this
and I think you guys would be with me
here I ate from a place called uh Umami
Burger so I had an Umami didn't cover
burger with your thumb
well it's called Umami it says Umami in
big letters hang on
from um
I got a new mommy Burger
that's what it's like the number one
yeah and and uh and then I had the next
day uh uh I had uh
for a snack I had uh I might be losing
you a little bit on this one uh if we
didn't see some Uno noodles or actually
that's what I think is impressive I
don't think you have a single nut strike
I think these are all right strikes for
lunch today I had an uh I haven't I
haven't you can see the B through the
paper
um well that that picture was too big so
I'll have to
I'll have to skip to uh let's see oh man
oh I like how some of them don't work on
Discord uh I know it makes no sense
right I had uh
for a snack I had uddy uddies
oh those are really good if you ever
have them they're chocolateyuddies
um
presenting this up front you were
presenting this like you may have taken
some slight Liberties
I had some ushers
uh which was very good
uh you can see right there it says
ushers is what those are called uh I
also had uh this stuff is great if you
ever uh ah [__] this is too big too what
a piss take uh hold on let me let me do
something with these real fast because
these are too good to miss
um yeah I had to take screenshots of my
pictures
this was your game this was your game
and you're showing us ushers like what I
think it's pronounced ushers
uh but I don't know I'm not I'm not
entirely uh sure about that and then
what was it oh yeah here we go let me
take a screenshot of this guy too uh I
think I think if you're with me so far I
think we're fine and it sounds like you
guys I don't think anyone's with you and
I don't think there's been any
implication that we are even slightly
with you see you guys are with me got it
uh okay so we'll do uh let's see here we
go
um oh yeah this isn't I had an this was
not very good I had enough to us uh it's
sort of a it's like a baked dish uh
cylindrical baked dish it's called us uh
you can see it right there on the box
it's Sam's Sam's choice of us I got that
at Walmart now you're in Andrew's
territory this is yeah uh then I got uh
oh I like this one I think you'll like
this one uh put some effort into this
one I ate some uh how is that too big I
just [__] screenshotted that you
gotta be suck my butthole uh let me try
again uh all right here we go all right
there's no point in counting strikes
Eric he is we're in a different inning
based off of Jeff's photos I ate some
that's unchin unch uh it's like a it's
like ancient it's like a snack it's like
a snack meal uh it's pretty good I have
never seen how mad I am because I'm
because it's so funny it's hard to tell
I've never seen anyone try so hard yet
not try at all I had some unchos these
are pretty good it's like a potatoey
anchos they're crispy uh I cut those
from Walmart as well uh and then you put
that you scribbled out the the brand
name and not potato crisps
anchos is what they're called uh oh
right I had this today I had one of
these today it's called an upcake uh
they're like little footballs on them uh
uh those are good you didn't you you
went from order and then as long as
there was a u somewhere in the food even
if it's not in the food and only in the
brand name it was good enough for you
and then the last thing I had now this
one might be a stretch uh I apologize
for this one I was losing some steam at
the end I had what I like to call an
upside down Burger which you might call
a Big Mac but if it's upside down I
assume that it it would count so I'll
take a strike on that one because I feel
like that's a little that's a a bridge
too far but I feel pretty good about the
other hey can I ask why you didn't just
do that with all your [__] Foods dude
because I I thought of it today
foreign
here's what you should do between uh
Monday of next week and the next
recording uh-huh uh you should uh you
should do the challenge yeah just not
even the challenge just eat one new food
just one uh Uncrustables I ate
uncrustable that's the same this doesn't
count Umami I had umami oh I had udon
when I was at uchiko that counts
of the inside uchiko what do you mean I
don't know I just didn't think too it
was like a fancy birthday dinner I want
to be like taking photos of food in the
dark right but you didn't even tell us
that you didn't mention I forgot about
it until just now it's the only genuine
you you've had
I think everything I showed you was a
you
even when I yelled out I'd be pissed if
there's no no look I get I get I get
that uh that the upside down Burger is
probably not right I'll take a strike on
that
[Music]
real foods
on shows upcakes I I don't know what to
tell you I don't know what to tell you
yeah
they don't I don't feel like you did
you did something
but you did most of the pictures thank
you thanks I also put a lot of work in I
painted [__]
I had to go buy red paint at the store
to paint those bags
why didn't you just use red ashes
I didn't think too
ah anyway uh so I don't know how to
determine who won uh but I guess it
sounds like I might have more than one
strike and so Andrew had one Gavin that
one and I guess Andrew you win yeah I
think Andrew wins I guess technically I
win thanks it doesn't feel great with a
equal amount of effort across the board
Andrew Woods yeah I wish we did you like
first that really that was deflating in
a weird way
I'm pretty sure that was the order that
needed to go in well
should I Eric should I get into what I
was gonna talk about 100 yeah no no do
we have time no yes he'll go long if we
have to uh Jeff confided in me earlier
this week and brought it here that he
thinks that he's been [__] with Andrew
brought his video or photo evidence that
he pulled the numbers legally to me and
Nick and I don't even know what to tell
you guys so let me
let me start this has to go to very
specific this better not be I recorded
I recorded it's not fixed I recorded the
numbers being pulled for all of us and
uh that evening Gavin and I were talking
and I said what do you think the odds
because it was ridiculous the ones we
pulled I said what percentage of the
audience do you think will think that I
have somehow rigged this so that I have
the easiest letter
and I don't remember what you said at
that time but you brought up you did
record it so you have proof so it's fine
it doesn't really matter I was like yeah
you know you're right we're all good
a few hours later I watched the video
okay I'm just sit up in my channel I'm
just I need to prepare to be annoyed
there we go God I watched the video and
I realized I realized I was in deep
trouble I've got a real issue in my head
Jeff is maybe the worst photo taker in
the world
I think I might be the worst video taker
of all time this is maybe Beyond Jeff
level I'm gonna put it why am I catching
heat all of a sudden because you're
known for your bad stuff
I mean look at the picture of the upside
down it looks like it was taken in the
dock I understand it was I'm just
fitting it to let me make sure I get the
right thing so I saw this and I thought
oh God
so I organized a special little
recording with Eric and Nick on Monday
to show them the proof that I have and
to go over I think that will go out at
some point soon
I'm not sure when exactly so you
presented evidence I presented the video
evidence that I have
uh how do I how do I see this
I'm gonna put it in the slack I'm just
trying to find it
share message
how do I how do I do this
ah my phone
now this is something that could be
edited out now I should have prepped
this this is on me yeah I think Nick
please leave this party
okay
I think this is it that's it
I think this is it we're gonna send this
we're gonna hope that this so it's in
the face thing it's uploading right now
it is the video of me drawing the ball
okay I'm still waiting for it to come
through it's loading it's more than
halfway
but Gavin you were right
prepare to be annoyed
this is the only video proof I have of
the draw
7 21 you're in
the finger in the top of the screen yeah
finger and frame
drops out rolls up to the floor
[Music]
and it stops there I didn't I didn't so
this is so weird you didn't show the
first two numbers be pulled yeah
what is interesting is that you're not
even filming the top of the ramp or the
balls yeah you could have just so
dropped it in with your hand well one
would assume he his hand his right hand
is right above his thumb that you can
see in the video and he just drops
something into the plastic thing I'm
gonna I've gone frame by frame over this
video this is the best angle of the ball
I have in the video this is the best
shot that we get of it going down the
Chute I think you could see a 16 if you
know what it is by the way it looks like
an 18 to me that's what we're printing
on the vinyl
[Laughter]
Andrew had um
I think that they bring up a great point
of you're shooting at such a weird angle
if you can't see where the numbers are
you can't see where the ball comes out
you only see this ramp why is that yeah
I was about to get into that so the
reason why we have the angle that we do
is because I was recording in my
underwear and it was a reflective
everything on the Bingo machine is
reflective and I didn't want to be in
the machine so I'm actually standing in
my bathroom filming the least reflective
area of it and I wasn't looking at what
I was filming I was looking at the
machine the entire time I didn't
actually know what I had filmed until
that evening but I recognize it looks
terrible that made more sense to you
than putting shorts on well I didn't
know where the shorts were the show is
ongoing I don't want to put a pause to
any of the action that's happening I
mean it took you 45 minutes to show us
the video you could have put on 18 pairs
of shorts in that time well I didn't
plan on it it's fair it's a fair point I
didn't plan on it in that moment uh it
was it was a mistake the balding cap I
asked several people
didn't get didn't get many 16s so I took
to Twitter I posted that photo you saw
yeah and I asked what number do people
see
almost unanimously
by a large majority most people see 18
there were 11 16s though
so there were some people that did see
the 16 so I feel like that needs to go
in
um most definitely sighting and I can
see that but if you look at this the
still photo of all three of them in
their placement
the 16 has a real hook on it it's really
curved so it makes sense that in the
movement the spin the motion yeah I
wouldn't make it appear to be an 18 when
it is I've been running this back and
forth I've been analyzing frame by frame
I do believe that is the 16 you know
just based on the motion blur pattern as
he was saying uh it still doesn't prove
that you didn't just drop it further up
the machine though
yeah if anything your video your video
evidence has weakened the case to me
that this is legitimate
You released a video that doesn't show
any of the balls legitimately being
pulled
I don't know what do you mean by that
what do you mean you can't see them go
through the machine we just see them
show up on a little plastic tray for all
I know your mom is dropping them up down
the other side first of all
for how the machine is designed I'll
take photo of the machine nobody knows
because we can't see the machine second
of all this is the first thing I'm gonna
say nobody asked me to bring this
forward I am the one who brought all of
this to you I was about to run this very
episode
well you didn't I came first with it
right that may be true I believe you in
that but I feel like I get points for
for stepping forward with this without
anyone demanding the proof and coming
from the position of I know this looks
horrendous you get 16 points for coming
forward however you lose 36 points for
the poor filming what's impressive
negative points is that's only half the
amount of strikes that you have the
great scheme of things look man I knew I
knew going into it I was getting strikes
yeah you're the you're brutal like
that's what made it worse every as you
said and they were very suspicious
letters everybody sort of had some
connection to the letter it made it feel
you'll think when Eric told me that you
thought that this is all an elaborate
prank against you I'm like I'm I thought
I was dead I assumed I was dead going
into this with the reveal of what my
proof is
yeah I still think it was an elaborate
prank against me
still even after all this yeah I'm even
more so because of this oh what
huh
occurred here that would change Jeff's
mind at all you filmed a bingo machine
from another room yeah well he didn't
film the bigger machine he filmed the
tray under the Bingo machine so then you
stand to the right and hold your phone
at like what what was the big fear about
the reflection
why because I was a minor way I mean
Stand Out The Way of the reflection
what are you talking about that's what
the video is that's exactly what he did
guys that's what happened in the process
of doing it he was so focused on the
machine he didn't pay attention to what
he was looking at I was looking at the
machine the whole time not the phone
displaying I didn't understand why you
had to be in the bathroom
because I would reflective because it's
a dome it's a plastic Dome that
everything messed up in a single frame
of this freaking thing
you're you're right but me being in the
bathroom would allowed me to film the
dome but I didn't know I wasn't filming
the Dome
bathroom would have allowed you to film
it correctly and then you didn't anyway
yeah because I'm a terrible and filming
videos until this started I'm the Jeff
videos
my fingers in the frame of the video
there's a lot of issues I clearly wasn't
seeing what was happening I just don't
know how you tried so legitimately to do
it right but I have no other recourse
but to ask you to use your get out of
Greg I'm not using it I'm not using it
this is Andrew this is insane I'm not
you presented it to me Mr judge over
here all of a sudden 10 minutes ago I
don't want to be involved I don't want
to give an opinion now you're laying
down the law what are you talking about
in or out I think this is I think this
is crazy I think this is crazy
uh I agree I agree with that but I don't
agree with the other thing
you know
I think
I I think I believe Andrew I definitely
sour cream
you I wish you could know the fear I
wanted to record then I was mad that I
didn't look at the video before I was
like I'm [__] there's nothing I could do
this is terrible
I think actually the first person I
showed the photo to said what number do
you see they said like 56 and I just
said I'm [__] there's all I'm in
trouble
500 replies to what number this is nine
of them see eleven or six
sixteen I'm mad I'm not even saying the
right numbers so flurry it's so blurry
and I went frame by frame
the issue is that not only did it bounce
out of the shoot it bounced while facing
the machine the entire time the number
is 17.
I was trying to look at it in the
reflection of the black thing yeah it's
tough It's not even in there it's not
there I checked I went frame by frame oh
so this is what I was gonna do this is
these are my offers I'm either willing
I'm willing to do this again do do a
redraw I'm willing to take this as an r
and do it again with r because most
people see it as 18.
or if you believe me we could just move
on any of those options I think are fair
I it was my job to capture the proof I I
delivered insufficient evidence there's
room for speculation I own that
is there a fourth option where I don't
believe you and we still move on
I mean if you want to sure
[Laughter]
I'm happy with that one too you don't
believe me I believe you I believe you
oh man I think I believe you but it it's
just so hard
I yeah you're such a trickster you're so
wildly so here I'm gonna I just took a
photo of the machine you see I couldn't
rig it because it's a plastic top Over
the Hole so you can't just drop in it
yeah but I can't I don't see your legs
like I'm not crazy like Nick do you see
him Nick
this is a different angle
okay this is a different angle this is
the angle Andrew no it's not no no it's
not every photo no submit is worse than
the last time you should not have said
listen no listen to me you [__] idiot
Gavin how am I turning the machine on
how am I doing it from this angle How's
that gonna work how am I gonna activate
you said you just have to hit a button
and then watch what happens on the other
side of the machine
oh oh so I'm just gonna hit it I'm gonna
walk you want me to walk it'll look like
the [__] Blair Witch Project
the freaking blurry 56 thing I'm saying
if you think the blurry thing is bad
that was me standing kinda prepared you
want to put movement you want to add
actual move to this ton of freaking
light on it won't be so blurry it's
pretty bright in here I actually don't
think
[Applause]
an Immaculate picture of the machine
without I can barely even see your hand
yes there's the it's [__] but do you
see what I'm saying with the cover
you're like you just dropped the ball
you can't it goes in the hole on the
right and it's a secure plastic box then
it rolls down the chute
it rolls right towards you what are you
talking about it's on the other side of
the [__] no
you're the ramp is coming to where
you're stood I'm going to where what do
you mean where I'm stood
I'm sad you could have hit the button
nipped to this position and the ball
would have wronged I'm pulling you
another photo right now you don't want
to do that
um
this photo right now I don't think you
understand where I am in relation to
this machine I think we need to I think
you're in the bathroom
now right now I'm currently sitting at
my desk to record right yeah so you
started it like this no I couldn't have
I can't reach the button and it turns
off every time it goes through
But but so you so operates you have to
hold down the button or you just tap
push you push the button and typically
it gets the ball really quickly and then
it turns off and you have to hit the
button again to draw it again
so by the time I sat down it takes 20
seconds for a freaking ball to come it
does do you want to know make a video do
you want to know why you wanna know why
that happened I can get us another photo
right now oh boy you would have had
enough time to hit the button pick up a
sushi container and sit in your chair
and it still wouldn't have come out
you're right but this is what happened
okay I put the thing in I put it in
incorrectly
I put it in it's not incorrectly so it's
uh-huh so the machines doesn't there's
no integrity so see the plastic part is
sort of at an angle this is getting
worse and worse is that so that you can
put the 16 directly in the feet no I
just didn't notice when I slammed it
back down after we did the 16th
no no no
it is amazing to me no that you have an
ability to weaken your case with each
new photo it's phenomenal can I fix the
machine and then show how quickly it
gets the ball can I do that right now
Jeff said that he was willing to just
say I don't believe you but we can move
on and then you started sending
photo evidence and now nobody believes
you and we're not moving on Nick said
this is more intense than watching the
saprota film
I
it's like eventually he's gonna release
he's gonna go through all of his photos
until eventually it shows him just
putting the number 16 on no but this is
a box full of 16s to the right let me
give me against Eric for a moment the
Baseline was Jeff doesn't believe me but
we can move on there's really nowhere to
go but down in the fact that I know I'm
innocent I didn't do it so I might as
well continue to attempt to provide and
if nothing changes I just remain where I
was
I don't think you were remaining where
you were but I don't think you are
either I cannot can I attempt to adjust
the machine due to a show what I was
anticipating as far as how quickly what
is that gonna do take us back in time
four days like no I'm talking I'm sorry
you're saying like why didn't you do
this and I said because it immediately
turns off once it finds a ball it finds
it but why didn't you when you wear
shorts we went over that already
now this first of all we recorded early
I don't remember who did that but we
recorded earlier the more the normal on
the west coast I woke up I did some
stuff for MVP went into the recording
didn't expect to be on my bingo machine
reflective nobody needs to see that I
certainly don't want to see that
now I am owning I botched the video the
video is terrible it is horrendous it
does somehow either you did sell the
cream or Greg it I'm sort of fuzzy now
in the definition of of both of those
but I after all that I still believe you
for some reason I think you actually
because it's called the 16. none of this
is this is all self-inflicted by me once
again
if if we ever have a face Film Festival
that's that that video is the main video
I want to see that in a theater with
with 200 other people I want to run that
still frame through some AI that somehow
like d motion blurs yeah and see what it
comes out with you
that was great
he's he's turning on the [__] Bingo
machine he could he can't let sleeping
dogs lie what does he think that's gonna
do enough I have no I what did he think
any of this was gonna do what was going
to absolve him oh boy
I mean Jeff you have to know that we've
me and Nick have known about this since
Monday and had to sit on it and it has
been very difficult dude that is wild
let me say uh I don't know how you guys
have handled it and that's why I like
tell I could tell there was a lot going
on yesterday when I was mentioning to
you that I thought that uh I I
questioned the Integrity of the
competition I couldn't tip my hand but
at the same time how what is there to
believe why was it filmed like that I
said I don't know what he's doing
I'm trying to fix the machine
thank you
maybe we should get
it
I think I got it okay
hey guys I think he's got it
I did it some fun one sec
it always sounds like he's wrestling his
environment like everything that's
upright is like falling on him in the
background
it's like it's like Leslie Nielsen in
the Naked Gun when he's on the like or
no uh O.J Simpson
when he's on the tugboat oh my God he
puts his foot in a bad trap and pulls
out the window
it's his hand on the hot stuff
it's so loud
see how quick that was
how am I going back
so is it is it still in the same place
now as to where it was in that picture
now it drops I I like his point like
that it happened so fast he can't get
back in time to film from a different
angle yet the one video we get to watch
was filmed from another room
well because it's next to it it's the
rooster next to it so you're saying if
it's if it's on the fridge you're saying
you can't hit the button and sit down
and have a video of it coming out
yeah not from where I was sitting no
hmm I'll try right now
yeah
I'm gonna put the but the ball back in
that I do so he's not he's not filming
this or he's filming I don't know
yeah you should film it what is this
[__] podcast at this point
hahaha
what Have We Become
ah oh Lord
[Laughter]
that sounds like plenty of time
ah the shoot malfunctioned
I'm stuck in the chute
I'm not kidding it's stuck to the tray I
don't know what it is
if I was over there I could just move
the Chute and this wouldn't be a problem
oh
look at that stuck in the Chute the
plastic's stuck in the shoot scenario
well there you have it another episode
of faces in the books
that was like 10 minutes of you just
incriminating yourself or whatever I'm
innocent
just watch a man shoot himself in the
foot over and over that was the
equivalent of sending all your texts to
the wrong lawyer I know but I didn't do
it
I'm innocent I'm gonna throw up from
laughing I got pee and I completely
ruined it I got the best letter he and
you got 16. the ultimate in face law we
should also say a very visual episode
all the pictures are in the video files
on YouTube they're also on uh Instagram
I assume at about 19. probably gonna
take a few yeah we'll probably have one
for each uh each each contest uh and
then the Andrew ball Saga
uh like And subscribe
foreign
hey guys Major League fan Jack here with
a look at next week's episode of Face
Jeff can't hold his water don't drink
from the water heater let's make a movie
podcast British food is strange Bingo is
the greatest dog movie of all time what
happened to the monkey movie it's Jeff's
Tiny Town and once again Andrew does not
eat the pencil all that and more on next
week's episode of Face
foreign